<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <!-- Required meta tags -->
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
    <title>Resume/CV</title>
    <!-- Bootstrap CSS -->
    <link
      href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@5.0.1/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css"
      rel="stylesheet"
      integrity="sha384-+0n0xVW2eSR5OomGNYDnhzAbDsOXxcvSN1TPprVMTNDbiYZCxYbOOl7+AMvyTG2x"
      crossorigin="anonymous"
    />
    <link
      rel="stylesheet"
      href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap-icons@1.4.0/font/bootstrap-icons.css"
    />
    <script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/vue/2.6.14/vue.min.js"></script>
    <!-- Add Web Animations Polyfill :) -->
    <script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/web-animations/2.3.2/web-animations.min.js"></script>
    <script
      type="module"
      src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@proyecto26/animatable-component@1.1.10/dist/animatable-component/animatable-component.esm.js"
    ></script>
  </head>

  <body class="d-none">
    <section id="app" class="container-fluid">
      <header class="header position-relative">
        <animatable-component
          autoplay
          animation="fadeInDownBig"
          easing="ease-in-out"
          duration="1200"
        >
          <div class="headLine position-absolute"></div>
        </animatable-component>
        <div class="row">
          <div class="col">
            <animatable-component
              autoplay
              animation="fadeInLeft"
              easing="ease-in-out"
              duration="1200"
            >
              <h1 class="firstName text-break">
                {{ firstName }}
              </h1>
            </animatable-component>
            <animatable-component
              autoplay
              animation="fadeInDown"
              easing="ease-in-out"
              duration="1200"
            >
              <h2 class="lastName text-nowrap">
                {{ lastName }}
              </h2>
            </animatable-component>
            <animatable-component
              autoplay
              animation="fade-in-left"
              easing="ease-in-out"
              duration="1200"
            >
              <p class="jobTitle">
                <i class="bi bi-circle-fill"></i>
                <span class="text-break">
                  {{ jobTitle }}
                </span>
              </p>
            </animatable-component>
          </div>
          <div
            v-if="!!photo"
            class="col-auto d-none d-lg-block d-print-block"
          ></div>
        </div>
        <animatable-component
          autoplay
          animation="fadeInUpBig"
          easing="ease-in-out"
          duration="1200"
        >
          <div class="middleLine position-absolute"></div>
        </animatable-component>
      </header>
      <section class="content">
        <div class="row">
          <div class="col personal-details me-4">
            <div class="row list-item me-5">
              <div class="col-auto">
                <animatable-component
                  autoplay
                  animation="heartBeat"
                  easing="ease-in"
                  duration="1200"
                >
                  <div class="icon d-flex justify-content-center">
                    <i
                      class="bi bi-geo-alt-fill"
                      role="img"
                      aria-label="Location"
                    ></i>
                  </div>
                </animatable-component>
              </div>
              <div class="col" style="white-space: pre-line">
                <p>{{ address }}</p>
              </div>
            </div>
            <div v-if="!!phone" class="row list-item me-5">
              <div class="col-auto align-self-center">
                <animatable-component
                  autoplay
                  animation="swing"
                  easing="ease-in"
                  duration="1200"
                >
                  <div class="icon d-flex justify-content-center">
                    <i
                      class="bi bi-telephone-fill"
                      role="img"
                      aria-label="Telephone"
                    ></i>
                  </div>
                </animatable-component>
              </div>
              <div class="col">
                <a v-bind:href="'tel:'+ phone" class="text-decoration-none">
                  <p>{{ phone }}</p>
                </a>
              </div>
            </div>
            <div class="row list-item me-5">
              <div class="col-auto align-self-center">
                <animatable-component
                  autoplay
                  animation="flip"
                  easing="ease-in"
                  duration="1200"
                >
                  <div class="icon d-flex justify-content-center">
                    <i
                      class="bi bi-envelope-fill"
                      role="img"
                      aria-label="Email"
                    ></i>
                  </div>
                </animatable-component>
              </div>
              <div class="col">
                <a v-bind:href="'mailto:'+ email" class="text-decoration-none">
                  <p>{{ email }}</p>
                </a>
              </div>
            </div>
            <div class="row mt-5 me-5">
              <div class="col">
                <p class="title">Education</p>
              </div>
            </div>
            <div class="row record" v-for="e in education">
              <div class="col-auto bullet">
                <i class="bi bi-record-circle"></i>
              </div>
              <div class="col">
                <p class="fw-bold text-uppercase">
                  {{ e.degree }}
                </p>
                <p class="fw-bold text-uppercase">
                  {{ e.school }}, {{ e.graduationDate }}
                </p>
                <p>{{ e.description }}</p>
              </div>
            </div>
            <div class="row mt-5 me-5">
              <div class="col p-0">
                <p class="title">Links</p>
              </div>
            </div>
            <div class="row record me-4" v-for="l in links">
              <div class="col-auto bullet mb-5">
                <i class="bi bi-record-circle"></i>
              </div>
              <div class="col">
                <p>
                  {{ l.label }}:
                  <a
                    class="text-reset"
                    target="_blank"
                    v-bind:href.prop="l.link"
                  >
                    {{ l.link }}
                  </a>
                </p>
              </div>
            </div>
            <div class="row mt-5 me-5">
              <div class="col p-0">
                <p class="title">Skills</p>
              </div>
            </div>
            <div class="row">
              <div class="col">
                <ul class="ms-2">
                  <li class="pb-2" v-for="skill in skills">
                    {{ skill }}
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </div>
            </div>
            <div class="row mt-5 me-5">
              <div class="col p-0">
                <p class="title">Languages</p>
              </div>
            </div>
            <div class="row">
              <div class="col">
                <ul class="ms-2">
                  <li class="pb-2" v-for="language in languages">
                    {{ language }}
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </div>
            </div>
          </div>
          <div class="col col-8">
            <animatable-component
              autoplay
              animation="fade-in-right"
              easing="ease-in-out"
              duration="1200"
            >
              <div class="row bullet">
                <div class="col-auto pt-2">
                  <i class="bi bi-circle-fill"></i>
                </div>
                <div class="col">
                  <p class="title">About Me</p>
                </div>
              </div>
            </animatable-component>
            <animatable-component
              autoplay
              animation="fade-in-right"
              easing="ease-in-out"
              duration="1200"
            >
              <div class="row record bullet">
                <div class="col-auto">
                  <i class="bi bi-record-circle"></i>
                </div>
                <div class="col">
                  <p style="white-space: pre-line">{{ professionalSummary }}</p>
                </div>
              </div>
            </animatable-component>
            <div class="row mt-5">
              <div class="col-auto bullet pt-2">
                <i class="bi bi-circle-fill"></i>
              </div>
              <div class="col">
                <p class="title">Work Experience</p>
              </div>
            </div>
            <div
              class="row record mb-4 bullet"
              v-for="employment in employmentHistory"
            >
              <div class="col-auto">
                <i class="bi bi-record-circle"></i>
              </div>
              <div class="col">
                <p class="text-uppercase fw-bold position-relative">
                  {{ employment.jobTitle }}
                  <span
                    >&nbsp;|&nbsp;{{ employment.startDate }} -
                    {{ employment.endDate }}</span
                  >
                </p>
                <p class="text-lowercase fst-italic fw-bold">
                  {{ employment.employer }} {{ employment.city }}
                </p>
                <p class="mb-0" v-for="achievement in employment.achievements">
                  • {{ achievement }}
                </p>
              </div>
            </div>
          </div>
        </div>
      </section>
    </section>
    <div class="btn-group-fab d-print-none">
      <div>
        <button
          onclick="javascript:window.print()"
          type="button"
          class="btn btn-main btn-primary"
          title="Print"
        >
          <i class="bi bi-printer fs-3"></i>
        </button>
      </div>
    </div>

    <!-- Bootstrap Bundle with Popper -->
    <script
      src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@5.0.1/dist/js/bootstrap.bundle.min.js"
      integrity="sha384-gtEjrD/SeCtmISkJkNUaaKMoLD0//ElJ19smozuHV6z3Iehds+3Ulb9Bn9Plx0x4"
      crossorigin="anonymous"
    ></script>
  </body>
</html>
#########################################################################################################################################
@import
url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Raleway:wght@300;400;700&display=swap');
* { font-family: Raleway; box-sizing: border-box; -webkit-tap-highlight-color:
rgba(0, 0, 0, 0); -webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; text-rendering:
optimizelegibility; text-size-adjust: 100%; outline: none !important; } html {
font-size: 62.5% } .container-fluid { padding: 0 10% !important; } ul {
list-style: circle; } li::marker { color: black; } p { font-size: 2.48262rem;
letter-spacing: 0.115103rem; color: rgb(102, 103, 102); word-break: break-all;
-webkit-box-pack: center; justify-content: center; } .headLine { width:
0.225693rem; top: 0px; left: 1rem; height: 11.9617rem; background-color: rgb(41,
41, 41); } .header { padding-top: 17.8297rem; padding-bottom: 10rem; direction:
ltr; margin-bottom: 3rem; } .firstName { font-weight: lighter; text-transform:
uppercase; word-break: break-all; color: rgb(62, 62, 62); font-size: 6.65793rem;
line-height: 1.68; letter-spacing: 3.89546rem; margin-bottom: 1.12846rem;
direction: ltr; } .lastName { font-weight: bold; font-size: 9.02771rem;
text-transform: uppercase; word-break: break-all; padding-right: 5.64232rem;
color: rgb(62, 62, 62); line-height: 1.09; letter-spacing: 4.15952rem;
direction: ltr; } .jobTitle { padding-right: 0px; margin-top: 4.51385rem; color:
rgb(41, 41, 41); span { padding-left: 1rem; letter-spacing: 0.710932rem;
text-transform: uppercase; word-break: break-all; direction: ltr; color: rgb(76,
74, 74); font-size: 3.04685rem; } } .photo { width: 27.2rem; height: 27.2rem;
max-height: 270px; object-fit: contain; } .middleLine { width: 0.225693rem;
bottom: 3.1597rem; left: 1rem; height: 5.64232rem; background-color: rgb(41, 41,
41); } .icon { width: 5rem; height: 5rem; font-size: 2.5rem; color: white;
background-color: rgb(62, 62, 62); border-radius: 50%; padding: 0.7rem; } a p {
word-break: break-all; color: rgb(102, 103, 102); } .list-item { padding-top:
2.03123rem; padding-bottom: 2.03123rem; margin-right: 1rem; &:not(:last-child) {
border-bottom: 0.225693rem solid rgb(35, 31, 32); } } .title { width: 100%;
font-weight: bold; font-size: 4rem; text-transform: uppercase; line-height:
4.5rem; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(35, 31, 32); padding-top: 0rem;
padding-bottom: 3.8rem; color: rgb(34, 33, 33); letter-spacing: 1.01562rem;
margin-bottom: 1.8rem; } .personal-details { .title { padding-top: 4rem; } }
.bullet { position: relative; i { font-size: 2.6rem; } &:before { content: "";
position: absolute; left: 1.9rem; width: 0.3rem; height: 70%; background-color:
#292929; margin-top: 4.2rem; } } .record { padding-top: 2rem; p { width: 100%;
font-size: 2.7rem; line-height: 1.33; color: rgb(102, 103, 102); word-break:
break-word; display: block; } } li { font-family: Raleway; line-height: 1.33;
font-size: 2.8806rem; color: rgb(123, 123, 123); } span { color: rgb(102, 103,
102); font-size: 2.28048rem; line-height: 1.2; letter-spacing: 0.5rem; }
.btn-group-fab { position: fixed; width: 50px; height: auto; right: 20px;
bottom: 20px; } .btn-group-fab div { position: relative; width: 100%; height:
auto; } .btn-group-fab .btn { position: absolute; bottom: 0; border-radius: 50%;
display: block; margin-bottom: 4px; width: 40px; height: 40px; margin: 4px auto;
} @media print { @page { size: A4; margin: 0mm !important; } html { font-size:
23%; } .header { padding-top: 12rem; padding-bottom: 9rem; } ul li {
margin-left: 1rem; } }
#########################################################################################################################################
/** * Resume/CV template created with Bootstrap 5 by @vmoratog and @jdnichollsc
*/ const resume = { firstName: "HERNANDO", lastName: "REY", jobTitle: "Full
Stack Developer", city: "Barranquilla, Atlantico", postalCode: "054040",
country: "Colombia", phone: "+573028446805", email: "hrking31@gmail.com",
education: [ { school: "Politécnico Costa Atlántica", graduationDate: "2015",
description: "Electronic Engineer", }, { school: "Full Stack Developer",
graduationDate: "2023", description: "Ingeniería de software", }, ], links: [ {
label: "GitHub", link: "https://github.com/hrking31", }, { label: "LinkedIn",
link: "https://www.linkedin.com/in/hernando-rey/", }, ], skills: [ "JavaScript",
"CSS", "ReactJS", "Redux", "NodeJS", "ExpressJs", "PostgreSQL", "MySQL",
"MongoDB", "Docker", "GIT", ], languages: ["Spanish"], professionalSummary: `I
am a passionate self-taught developer looking for new challenges in the field of
technology. With over 18 years of experience as an electronics engineer, I have
gained a broad base of knowledge and technical skills. My main focus in the last
11 months has been to become a highly-skilled Full Stack developer. During this
time, I have gained in-depth knowledge in all layers of a web application, from
front-end development to database management and back-end implementation.`,
employmentHistory: [ { jobTitle: "Alarmas ITX", achievements: [ "ITX Alarms
represents a web platform where technologies such as Arduino, NodeMCU, React and
Firebase real-time database converge. Through the integration of NodeMCU devices
and the Arduino IDE, I have designed smart sensors capable of monitoring power
plant ignition, instantly and continuously transmitting operating status data to
Firebase.", "This ecosystem is further expanded with the addition of four
additional sensors that measure temperature and humidity in the various
equipment rooms of the station. This essential data is integrated and processed
in real-time through Firebase to provide a rich and dynamic view of the
operating environment.", "The visual presentation of this data is carried out
using React and CSS. This enables uninterrupted and aesthetic monitoring of the
status of the power plant and the ambient conditions of the rooms.", "As a
continuous improvement, I am implementing notifications through Telegram. This
update will provide relevant alerts and notifications in real-time.", ], }, {
jobTitle: "Sunset Sands Hotel", achievements: ["I have had the opportunity to
work on a collaborative project focused on the creation of a booking engine for
hotels. Since technologies like React were used as the core of the application,
the backend was worked with Node.js and Express, which allowed me to build a
custom API that powered the functionality of the booking engine. For data
management, I implemented MongoDB, ensuring efficient and accessible storage. In
addition, Material UI was used to ensure an aesthetic design and an intuitive
user experience throughout the project.", ], }, { jobTitle: "Pokéworld",
achievements: [ "This project highlights my ability to work with modern
technologies like React and external APIs, as well as my ability to create a
complete web application that meets usability and user experience standards.",
], }, { jobTitle: "King of Games", achievements: [ "This application was based
on the integration of the external RAWG API, which provides data about video
games.", "I used React as the core of the app, developing reusable components
and a dynamic user interface. Also, for the backend, I used Node.js and Express
to build my own API that would interact with the RAWG API and handle the data
efficiently.", ], }, { jobTitle: "Ferrequipos de la Costa", achievements: [ "He
desarrollado una aplicación en React que incluye componentes avanzados para
cotizaciones y cuentas de cobro.", " Desarrollo de Componentes: Creé y
refactoricé componentes para cotizaciones y cuentas de cobro, asegurando un
diseño profesional y adaptable usando `Material-UI`.", " Integración con
Firebase: Implementé la carga y gestión de datos con Firebase, mejorando la
búsqueda y la sincronización de datos en tiempo real.", " Animaciones y
Estilización: Añadí animaciones suaves y ajusté los estilos CSS para una
interfaz atractiva y responsive.", " Gestión del Estado: Utilicé Redux para una
gestión eficiente del estado global de la aplicación.", " Mejora Continua:
Realicé refactorización de código para optimizar la mantenibilidad y la
funcionalidad.", ], }, ], photo:
"https://scontent.fbog2-4.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t1.6435-9/167942986_4363729256987825_9029499495646085524_n.jpg?_nc_cat=111&ccb=1-5&_nc_sid=09cbfe&_nc_eui2=AeFlP0IL-UlmxdHfXATvSkLoVjqUFgp-kOlWOpQWCn6Q6dfIgifPku5hr2rVFCqVYT7o4CdWb-JkeRb3r2Dk0Ox5&_nc_ohc=fiszoyxORFQAX8bE_Z2&_nc_ht=scontent.fbog2-4.fna&oh=00_AT9fLZKsBJajLj8uslmdNJ_sA19VuYFpdhmfn0ruMg2-RQ&oe=624B9C0F",
}; const formatResume = (r) => ({ ...r, address: [r.country, r.city,
r.postalCode].filter(Boolean).join(", "), }); new Vue({ el: "#app", data:
formatResume(resume), }); /** * Wait for animatable-component to be loaded (Only
for VanillaJS) **/ function animatableLoaded() {
document.querySelector("body").classList.remove("d-none"); } if (customElements)
{ customElements.whenDefined("animatable-component").then(animatableLoaded); }
else animatableLoaded();
